Added RISCV v6 release notes (#2846)
aquynh/capstone: docs/cs_v6_release_guide.md

The developers with the biggest contributions were (alphabetically):
- `TriCore` - @billow (Sponsored)
- `LoongArch` - @jiegec and @FurryAcetylCoA

> - `RISCV` - @moste00 (Sponsored)

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be `RISC-V`? Here and below, except for the cases when it's the C code.

    * `RISCV_REG_V3_V4_V5`
    * etc... up to 8-register combinations
  * Half-percision (16-bit) FP registers `RISCV_REG_F<n>_H` for n in `0..31`
- Changed instruction names
  * Instructions ending in `_AQ_RL` now end in `_AQRL`
- Added instruction names: massive amount, see `include/capstone/riscv.h`
- Added `dimm` and `csr` fields inside the union data of `cs_riscv_op`, with corresponding `riscv_op_type`
  * `dimm` is used for instructions with FP immediates
  * `csr` is used for instructions with CSR systrem registes
- Added ISA flags to turn ISA extensions on and off 
  * `CS_MODE_RISCV_FD = 1 << 3`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_V = 1 << 4`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZFINX = 1 << 5`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZCMP_ZCMT_ZCE = 1 << 6`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZICFISS = 1 << 7`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_E = 1 << 8`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_A = 1 << 9`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_COREV = 1 << 10`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_THEAD = 1 << 11`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_SIFIVE = 1 << 12`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_BITMANIP = 1 << 13`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBA = 1 << 14`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBB = 1 << 15`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBC = 1 << 16`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBKB = 1 << 17`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBKC = 1 << 18`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBKX = 1 << 19`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBS = 1 << 20`

>   * NOTE1: All extensions above are disabled by default unless enabled by their option name or the corresponding command line flag in cstool. Any other extension is always enabled and can't be disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * NOTE: All extensions above are disabled by default unless enabled by their option name or the corresponding command line flag in cstool. Any other extension is always enabled and can't be disabled.
```

>   * NOTE2: RISC-V has a massive, sprawling list of extensions, but Capstone's internal implementaton choice of using a 32-bit mode field is not enough to cover all of them. For now, those extension flags above were added because their encoding space is conflicting with either each other or other extensions. More flags can be added later if bug reports come in requesting finer-grained extension control. However, the current implementation using bitfields imposes a strict upper limit and would likely be refactored for a more expansive mechanism in the future. See [this issue](https://github.com/capstone-engine/capstone/issues/2848) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * NOTE: RISC-V has a massive, sprawling list of extensions, but Capstone's internal implementaton choice of using a 32-bit mode field is not enough to cover all of them. For now, those extension flags above were added because their encoding space is conflicting with either each other or other extensions. More flags can be added later if bug reports come in requesting finer-grained extension control. However, the current implementation using bitfields imposes a strict upper limit and would likely be refactored for a more expansive mechanism in the future. See [this issue](https://github.com/capstone-engine/capstone/issues/2848) for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: You can also consider using the Github markdown for note highlighting. Looks a little more fancy: https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925

- Added instruction names: massive amount, see `include/capstone/riscv.h`
- Added `dimm` and `csr` fields inside the union data of `cs_riscv_op`, with corresponding `riscv_op_type`
  * `dimm` is used for instructions with FP immediates
  * `csr` is used for instructions with CSR systrem registes
- Added ISA flags to turn ISA extensions on and off 
  * `CS_MODE_RISCV_FD = 1 << 3`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_V = 1 << 4`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZFINX = 1 << 5`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZCMP_ZCMT_ZCE = 1 << 6`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZICFISS = 1 << 7`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_E = 1 << 8`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_A = 1 << 9`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_COREV = 1 << 10`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_THEAD = 1 << 11`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_SIFIVE = 1 << 12`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_BITMANIP = 1 << 13`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBA = 1 << 14`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBB = 1 << 15`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBC = 1 << 16`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBKB = 1 << 17`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBKC = 1 << 18`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBKX = 1 << 19`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBS = 1 << 20`
  > [!NOTE] 
  > All extensions above are disabled by default unless enabled by their option name or the corresponding command line flag in cstool. Any other extension is always enabled and can't be disabled.
 
  > [!NOTE] 

>   > RISC-V has a massive, sprawling list of extensions, but Capstone's internal implementaton choice of using a 32-bit mode field is not enough to cover all of them. For now, those extension flags above were added because their encoding space is conflicting with either each other or other extensions. More flags can be added later if bug reports come in requesting finer-grained extension control. However, the current implementation using bitfields imposes a strict upper limit and would likely be refactored for a more expansive mechanism in the future. See [this issue](https://github.com/capstone-engine/capstone/issues/2848) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE] 
> All extensions above are disabled by default unless enabled by their option name or the corresponding command line flag in cstool. Any other extension is always enabled and can't be disabled.
 
> [!NOTE] 
> RISC-V has a massive, sprawling list of extensions, but Capstone's internal implementaton choice of using a 32-bit mode field is not enough to cover all of them. For now, those extension flags above were added because their encoding space is conflicting with either each other or other extensions. More flags can be added later if bug reports come in requesting finer-grained extension control. However, the current implementation using bitfields imposes a strict upper limit and would likely be refactored for a more expansive mechanism in the future. See [this issue](https://github.com/capstone-engine/capstone/issues/2848) for more details.
```

- Added instruction names: massive amount, see `include/capstone/riscv.h`
- Added `dimm` and `csr` fields inside the union data of `cs_riscv_op`, with corresponding `riscv_op_type`
  * `dimm` is used for instructions with FP immediates
  * `csr` is used for instructions with CSR systrem registes
- Added ISA flags to turn ISA extensions on and off 
  * `CS_MODE_RISCV_FD = 1 << 3`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_V = 1 << 4`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZFINX = 1 << 5`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZCMP_ZCMT_ZCE = 1 << 6`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZICFISS = 1 << 7`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_E = 1 << 8`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_A = 1 << 9`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_COREV = 1 << 10`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_THEAD = 1 << 11`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_SIFIVE = 1 << 12`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_BITMANIP = 1 << 13`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBA = 1 << 14`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBB = 1 << 15`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBC = 1 << 16`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBKB = 1 << 17`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBKC = 1 << 18`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBKX = 1 << 19`
	* `CS_MODE_RISCV_ZBS = 1 << 20`
  * NOTE1: All extensions above are disabled by default unless enabled by their option name or the corresponding command line flag in cstool. Any other extension is always enabled and can't be disabled.

>   * NOTE2: RISCV has a massive, sprawling list of extensions, but Capstone's internal implementaton choice of using a 32-bit mode field is not enough to cover all of them. For now, those extension flags above were added because their encoding space is conflicting with either each other or other extensions, and more flags could be added later as bug reports come and more need for fine-grained extension control. However, the current implementation using bitfields imposes a strict upper limit and would likely be refactored for a more expansive mechanism in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * NOTE2: RISCV has a massive, sprawling list of extensions, but Capstone's internal implementaton choice of using a 32-bit mode field is not enough to cover all of them. For now, those extension flags above were added because their encoding space is conflicting with either each other or other extensions. More flags can be added later if bug reports come in requesting finer-grained extension control. However, the current implementation using bitfields imposes a strict upper limit and would likely be refactored for a more expansive mechanism in the future.
```

>   * NOTE2: RISCV has a massive, sprawling list of extensions, but Capstone's internal implementaton choice of using a 32-bit mode field is not enough to cover all of them. For now, those extension flags above were added because their encoding space is conflicting with either each other or other extensions, and more flags could be added later as bug reports come and more need for fine-grained extension control. However, the current implementation using bitfields imposes a strict upper limit and would likely be refactored for a more expansive mechanism in the future.

Reviewer: RISC-V

>   * NOTE2: RISCV has a massive, sprawling list of extensions, but Capstone's internal implementaton choice of using a 32-bit mode field is not enough to cover all of them. For now, those extension flags above were added because their encoding space is conflicting with either each other or other extensions, and more flags could be added later as bug reports come and more need for fine-grained extension control. However, the current implementation using bitfields imposes a strict upper limit and would likely be refactored for a more expansive mechanism in the future.

Reviewer: I wonder if it makes sense to create an issue and reference it here.

Reviewer 2: Yes, indeed.
